Hermes desktop app just launched, but
how do you actually go and make money be
more productive using Hermes desktop and
Hermes agents in general? So today I
have Alex Finn on and he gives you an
entire walk-through of how to use Hermes
desktop app, all the nooks and crannies,
explains everything so so clearly, and
then we go through some use cases. So
stick stick around to the end where we
show you exactly how you can set up
Hermes agents that go and build [music]
businesses for you. This is the most
comprehensive tutorial on Hermes desktop
app and Hermes agents on the internet,
and I can't wait for you to actually go,
learn, build, [music] and have some fun.
Enjoy the episode.
>> [music]
>> Alex Finn,
I need you by the end of this episode to
explain to me why I need to get Hermes
desktop. I need you to walk me through
Hermes desktop. I need you to show me
use cases
of Hermes that show me how I can make
money, be more productive,
um and I need to you to explain me why I
need to get off OpenClaw, why I need to
shut down my Telegram, and everything in
between. Alex Finn, can you do that by
the end of the episode?
>> Greg Eisenberg,
mission accepted. We will do that. We
will go through why Hermes desktop is
the best AI agent experience on planet
Earth. We'll go through every feature,
every nuance, every secret, and then
we'll show you the sauce. We'll go
through all the use cases you can do,
every person watching this video, so
they can get tremendous amount of value
out of Hermes agent.
>> All right, let's go.
>> All right, we'll do it. Here we go. I'm
going to share share my screen. Uh great
to be speaking with you, Greg. I have
been deep into Hermes Agent Desktop the
last few days. So, they released this a
few days ago now. I wasn't expecting it.
Uh, I I believe this is like the moment
that Hermes overtook OpenClaw to be
quite honest. And as most people
probably know, I was like the OpenClaw
guy. I was at a poker tournament last
night and a guy was like, "Hey, you're
the guy getting paid by OpenClaw,
right?" And I'm like, "No, I don't even
talk about OpenClaw anymore. What are
you talking about?" Um,
this is Hermes Agent Desktop. So, before
everyone was using Hermes and OpenClaw
inside Telegram,
inside Signal, iMessage, all of that. I
think this is the single best way to use
Hermes Agent now. I I I I think I I
don't use Telegram on desktop anymore. I
don't use any other experience. This is
clearly the best way to be using Hermes
Agent.
There is a lot here. So, uh, few things.
One, sessions all here, right? So,
before in Telegram, if you wanted some
idea of sessions or multi-threading, you
needed to set up threads in Telegram,
which is kind of like a an advanced
confusing thing to do. I know a lot of
nerds watching would be like, "What are
you talking about? That's easy." For the
average person, setting up threads in
Telegram isn't the easiest thing to do.
You got to like create separate group
chats and then add your bots and then
like edit subjects. And here, you every
time you talk to your Hermes Agent, it
just goes into a new session and you can
talk to it.
So, it makes it really nice for like
just separating out your context. I
think the way most people use Hermes
Agent by default is they have like kind
of like a mono thread, right? Like just
one big thread where they talk about
everything in it.
The issue is is you kind of like pollute
your context with the 100 different
things you talk about. And
your cost skyrocket. Like that's like
the number one complaint with Hermes. Oh
my god, I'm paying a thousand dollars a
month.
You If you manage your contacts and your
sessions well, you are not paying a
thousand dollars a month. You're not
paying anything close to it.
>> Alex, by the end of this episode, can
you show maybe a few ways for us to get
our Hermes under control? Like some tips
and tricks?
>> Absolutely. We'll do that throughout
then we'll recap at the end. I'll give
you a whole bunch of sauce on saving
money with Hermes as well.
>> Okay.
>> [laughter and gasps]
>> So,
saving money with Hermes. Number one,
appropriate sessions. Context,
especially if you're using like Opus
which has a million parameters,
context can really inflate your bills.
Like three, four X your bills. So, if
you keep things
individual, right? Here's my content
session, right? Here's my talking about
local
model session. Mode research is my stock
research session.
With the context nice and slim, I'm
saving tons of money cuz the Every time
I send a message, it'll only be that
thread itself. For those who are a
little less technical, when you send a
message to your agent, right? Uh if I
were to say, "Generate me an image of a
squirrel
with Grok Imagine."
With this message, it sends everything
said before that.
So, if you have one big thread like most
people interact with Hermes agent,
you're sending a massive messages every
single time which will cost you tons of
money. But, if you take advantage of
Hermes desktop with its multiple
sessions and pinning and organization,
you can even put sessions in folders,
it keeps your context clean which means
your messages are much more slim which
means you save a lot more money on your
messages. So, that's one big thing
there.
The the session management on desktop.
It's the best. It's better than
Telegram. It's better than the way 99%
of people use
uh Hermes agent.
There's a lot more to it. That's one of
my favorites.
One of my other favorites is now the
organization of profiles. So, if you can
see down here, it's a little tiny. Maybe
I can zoom in a little bit. Yeah, a
little bit. Uh
you can see a bunch of names down here.
We got default, Billy, coder, GPT-me's,
librarian, Oracle, and Gwen.
These are all my different Hermes
agents. So, for those not as familiar,
in Hermes, there is this concept of a
profile. You have multiple profiles.
Profiles are literally just separate
Hermes agents.
Each profile has a has a set of skills,
has a soul.md, which is their
personality, has sets of memories, uh
has your history of sessions and chats.
They're literally just separate agents.
And now, with desktop, they're organized
really, really nicely. So, you can just
click,
and it takes you to your other profile,
right? I can just click, and it takes me
to my GPT-me's, which is my Hermes
powered by GPT-55.
I click on Gwen. This is my Hermes
powered by Gwen-37 sitting on my DGX
Spark on my desk.
I click home, that's my default. That
takes me to Hermes. I named my default
Hermes Hermes. I just like that name.
And that takes me there, powered by
Opus-48.
Before, like if you wanted to switch
profiles, you needed to like go into
like your terminal and like do Hermes
profile Gwen, enter, and like pops open
a new It's like very hard to organize.
Now, it's very neatly organized here, so
I can quickly Okay, I want Qwen, which
is my local model, to go do this for me.
I want GPT me's, which is my ChatGPT
model, to go and code this for me. Okay,
now I'm going to go back and go back in
my Opus one and have them do that. And
now it's like really easy to multitask.
To give some examples of of when you'd
want to multi-multitask,
for instance,
you know, Opus, very expensive model. I
think Opus 48 is the smartest AI model
out there. It's also very pricey. So, if
I'm doing high-level thinking and
strategy, I'm going Opus.
Then I'll switch to GPT me's, which is
my
uh ChatGPT 5.5 model uh on Hermes.
Huge limits on ChatGPT. Also very good
coding. So, I'll come in here. I'll be
like, "Hey, build me this app."
Qwen, that's my local model. Free
unlimited intelligence cuz it's running
on my desk. This is for like quick
research. Hey, what's
uh the top news in AI? I can have it go
and scour the web for the top news and
it's not going to cost me a thing.
Completely free. So, you got to know
which profile is best for which tasks.
>> So, is the way to think about profiles
more around how fast
or slow do you want, you know, a task to
be completed or how expensive or cheap?
Or is the way to think about it similar
to how a paper clip works where you're
kind of like designing, you know, your
product manager, your marketer, your
engineer and you have different profiles
for different team teammates.
>> Yeah, it's it's I The way I like to
think about it is more on the model
basis. Each model has its own strengths
and weaknesses.
Uh so, we talked a little bit earlier,
Greg, about saving money.
Models, if you use them in the right
way, you'll save tons of money.
Coding, I actually think chat GPT 55 is
better than Opus 48 for coding and you
get way more limits. You get way more
usage on your plan. So if I'm going to
do coding, I'm going to go to GPTs,
which is my chat GPT 55 profile. If I'm
going to do
like orchestration planning doing
in-depth plans, I want to go to my
smartest model, which is
Hermes powered by Opus 48. So I'm more
along the lines of
what are the strengths and weaknesses of
each model? I'm going to be honest, I'm
not 100% bought into the concept of like
having 50 different like product
manager, graphic designer.
I I think that's a lot of
I just think that takes up a lot of
context in your
meat brain on like, okay, which one of
these 50 profiles do I go to? Do I have
a product manager? Do I have a designer?
Do I have a writer?
I I I think that these models are smart
enough and generally intelligent enough
where you can
basically get away with like I can use
Opus for
designing a graphic image and writing a
YouTube script and then planning my
product. So I more think along the lines
of what are the strengths of each of the
models and and how can I use them to
their strengths to get better
performance and save money.
>> I like that take. It's basically like
all that matters is the output and the
outcomes. Therefore, just know which
model makes the most sense for what
you're trying to get accomplished and
then use the right profile for that.
>> Yeah, I
I used paperclip and I think it's a very
very cool well-designed product,
but it's bought into this the concept
that you need to have
an AI agent in every role. You need to
have a senior product manager, who
manages a design intern, who manages the
CTO, who manages like And the issue is
is that when you think about it in that
lens, which you're totally fine to do
because that's it's a more
understandable lens for a lot of people.
So, if it makes more sense to you and
you understand your organization better
that way, then go ahead and do it. The
challenge is I I think there is
inefficiencies there when it comes to
cost. Like if I have to go to my CEO and
say, "Hey, build me a uh uh you know, a
thumbnail for my latest YouTube video."
And then they go to like the product
manager, who then goes to the graphic
designer, who then goes to the intern.
You have call after call after call
looking at the context and the soul and
the skills of each one of these and it's
like I could have just went to Opus for
and said, "Hey, build me a a you know,
an image." Like it's it doesn't have to
be that deep. So, listen, everyone, you
have your own workflows. Do it whatever
way you want. I just for me, I found the
most cost savings and efficiency just
having it for each model.
So, those are the profiles.
Uh I love going to the profiles. I love
being able to go in, quickly talk to,
"Okay, I have a quick research task."
I'll go to Quen, who's living on my
desk, give him a research task to
research AI.
Uh go to GPT Me's, have them go build
out an app for me.
Profiles, people should be leveraging
profiles, setting up profiles for
different models. Start saving money
that way, get better productivity that
way.
A lot of other really cool things here.
Artifacts. So, artifacts basically puts
all your images, files, and links in one
place. And so, if you're anything like
me, you've been
trying to kind of MacGyver your AI agent
into like a second brain, which it does
really well and it works.
It's just kind of a system to maintain.
And one of those second brain tasks I
have is like when I'm coming across
things, I see inspiration, I see
websites that are cool, tools that are
cool, I'll take the links and give it to
my agent and say, "Hey, save this link
for me. File it away here. Do this for
me."
Now kind of done automatically with
artifacts. So, you can come in here and
see any links you've sent to your agent.
Uh you can see any
uh images, media you've created or sent
to your agent, any files you've sent
back or forth. They're all organized
here.
And now you can quickly organize them,
search through them. So, now I don't
need to go and be like, "Hey, file this
in my second brain under this category
and do this." I just send like a link. I
got my librarian. My librarian's just
kind of my second brain organization
agent. I'll just drop links into my
librarian. I don't even tell him to do
anything with it. I'll just hit send.
And now I can go to my artifacts and all
my links are just like tightly organized
here. I can search. I can say Reddit and
shows me all the Reddit ones. So,
artifacts is sneaky, like a really,
really cool place to centralize
all your links and images and files and
everything.
>> That's really cool. They basically
they basically productized the second
brain for
for an, you know, an agent platform.
Like they probably saw how people were
using it and they're like, "We're just
going to make this really easy, really
visual."
And that's what I'm liking, by the way.
I'm just I'm seeing this for the first
time. That's what I'm liking so far with
the whole Hermes desktop experience. It
just feels like
a more Apple-esque product for the
OpenClaw type of experience.
>> That's a really good way to put it.
Because,
you know, I I have switched over from
OpenClaw to Hermes. And and for the
record, neither of these people are
paying me. Neither of these people
barely even talk to me. I I I
>> [laughter]
>> This is purely for the love of the game.
Um
and you know, one of the
>> Which is a big deal, by the way. You
switching from Open Clod to Hermes, like
where's the breaking tweet, you know
what I mean? Like you were you
you you're like you said, you're Open
Clod guy, you know? This is a big deal.
This is uh
>> I was the I was at the top You know, not
to toot my own horn here, pump my own
tires. I was at the top of the game of
Open Clod. This is like Michael Jordan
going from basketball to baseball, you
know, in 1994. Like that is the This is
basically the equivalent of that, and I
did it anyway with basically zero
fanfare. But I I I have to I can't keep
pushing things that I don't think are as
strong anymore, just because I'm getting
a bunch of clicks and views, you know?
>> Yes.
>> You know,
something I think a subtle shift
happened the last couple months where I
think
the Hermes team, very much as you just
kind of described, went more the Apple
route. While I think the Open Clod team
went more of the uh Android route in a
way where
the Hermes updates have been very
focused, polished, tested, and tied to
really nice narratives that are focused
on making life easier for the user.
While I feel like the Open Clod updates
have been more kind of shotgun, put
everything in it, don't test it quite as
well, rough around the edges, doesn't
work quite as well. We're trying to
throw everything in it that will
satisfy, you know, the power user,
satisfy, you know, the the the the
people who doing a thousand things at
once. And like the updates became very
unfocused, and worst of all, unreliable,
where I was updating, and I'm like, this
is honors, I'm going to break my Open
Clod. And then it did break my Open
Clod. While Hermes is like the
branding's incredible, but like their
announcements like each update will be
like once a week, and it'll be like the
efficiency update, and everything will
be very focused on efficiency and like
around that narrative. And as you kind
of just said, it's like kind of the
Apple route where it's just
you know, it doesn't need to be a CLI.
It could be a nice desktop experience
that's pleasant for the average person
use.
>> Can you walk me through the skills and
tools section?
>> Yeah, a lot of cool things here.
This is a nice interface for all the
skills that are installed on your Hermes
agent. One thing people don't really
realize is out of the box, your Hermes
agent has like over 150 skills
installed, and each one of those
actually adds context to your agent.
And so that's increasing your cost. Now,
with this nice user interface, you can
come in and you can
uh
turn off any skills that aren't
necessary, and you can also see
the new skills being generated based on
the actions you take. Not many people
realize this. They know Hermes is very
self-improving, but they don't realize
it's actually creating tons of skills in
the background while you're not looking.
Right? Like I have a 3.js one file game
cuz I build a bunch of 3.js games just
for the fun of it. Uh YouTube new
scripts, real-time stock dashboard. Like
there's a lot of skills that get built
here
kind of in the background as you're
doing things. And you can just turn off,
turn on any ones that aren't relevant to
you to to save money and increase
efficiency.
Tool sets are groups of tools. So this
is a new kind of concept being rolled
out right now where
uh you can group together many skills
and tools all in one. So if you're doing
something complex, it groups them all
together. Uh I got to play around more
with this to be quite honest with you.
Uh but tool set's something definitely
more to be used cuz it's it's kind of a
new concept inside Hermes where you can
group together multiple tools and
skills.
That is uh those You also have
messaging. So again, a lot of really
nice things here around just being able
to quickly see and visualize the
features of Hermes. So if you want to
set up more messaging services, you just
click it, set it up, right? Before it
was you had to go into your CLI, Hermes
set up, navigate to whatever messaging
service. The average person does not
want to use a CLI, right? Like I guess I
I think there was this huge trend the
last few months, CLIs, we're going back
to CLI. CLI is the future. Everyone will
be working in the CLI.
That doesn't change the fact average
people do not want to go in the terminal
and do anything, right? They don't want
to do anything. I I get so many
complaints on my YouTube videos when I
do set up this where it's like, "This is
so easy. Paste this into your terminal."
And I still get comments like, "I don't
want to do that. I have no interest in
that. That's not That's not for me." So,
this makes it just a lot easier. You
never have to go into your terminal
again, never have to go in the CLI. You
go in, it gives you like exactly what
you need to set up your Telegram, and
then it just works. So, really easy to
set things up here.
And then one other thing I uh I like is
the cron section. So if you click down
here on cron, you will see a lot of your
cron jobs you have set up. One of the
biggest complaints I get when I do these
videos is, "Alex, you you said to do
this to set up
a routine. I did it, but it didn't work.
The next day the the routine didn't
happen."
The issue is is when you're using
through things through Telegram or the
CLI, and you set up these cron jobs, for
those who may not be as technical, cron
jobs are just scheduled tasks your
computer does,
you don't really have any confirmation
that they were created when you ask your
agent, "Hey, every morning 9:00 a.m. do
this." or "Every night at 10:00 p.m. do
this. There's no real way to confirm it
actually scheduled those things. Now
with the cron section, which is at the
bottom, one click, you can see all your
cron jobs. You can see everything that's
scheduled, and you can even create it
manually here. So, if you want to come
in and say, "Hey, make me a morning
brief.
Tell me about Tell me all the unread
emails from the night before."
Right? You can come in daily delivered
to the desktop, create the cron, you can
have 100% confidence this cron job's
being created and will happen every day
at that time.
>> Because cron jobs are and routines are
so important to unlocking the value
of Hermes, um do you have any advice for
how do you actually create cron jobs
that are worded in a way that actually,
you know, have have a high likelihood of
success?
>> Yeah, I uh
When whenever it comes to doing things
more effectively with AI
or solving for like kind of unknown
unknowns, you know, I know I can be
doing this better, but I don't know how
to put a better cron job or better
prompt in.
The answer is always reverse prompting.
Always. The answer is
I want to Let's do it right now,
actually. Let's demo it live.
I'm going to do a new session. So, say
you're a new user Hermes.
You want to come in and you want to set
up a cron job for uh every morning for a
morning brief with relevant information
in it. So, you can go, "I want to set up
a morning brief with you for every
morning at 9:00 a.m." That's usually
where people stop. But, here's where you
take it to the next level with reverse
prompting. You go, "My interests are
generally AI, stock investing, tech,
and the Boston Celtics.
Right? Uh what
here
>> Controversial. Controversial.
>> The Boston Celtics?
>> I I would say so, you know, I think a
lot of a lot of the listeners of the
podcast are big Knicks fans right now,
so
you know, that's what I'm seeing in the
from yeah, that's what I'm seeing.
>> Enjoy it while it lasts, Knicks fans.
It's not going to last cuz Wemby's
coming for you. And everyone in the
country's rooting for Wemby on this one.
Sorry, Knicks fans.
Um you get you got your one year in 30
years or you have a mild amount of hope.
Enjoy it.
Um
what So, here's where the reverse prompt
comes in, right? I just got you just
lost like 100,000 subscribers, by the
way,
>> [clears throat]
>> because of me. Sorry, Greg. I owe you
one.
Um what
would be the best
prompt I can use
to set this up with you. So, I did a
couple things here.
I did a couple very important things
here. Number one, this is my favorite
combo in the world, the brain dump to
the reverse prompt. You brain dump in
everything about yourself, interests,
goals, ambitions, skill sets, things
like that. So, your agent has context
around who you are, and then you reverse
prompt. Based on what you know about me,
what's the best way to do this?
The the the issue many people have is
they just kind of wing it and tell the
agent to do things.
What they forget is you're talking to
like super intelligence, right? You're
talking to like the smartest thing on
planet Earth. So, why would you do
things your way when you can get help
from super intelligence and do it like
the best way?
So, I'm going to head and answer on
that. And instead of what most people do
is, "Hey, set set morning brief that
tells me the news on AI and the Boston
Celtics and how Jason Tatum's the best
player in the NBA, now it's going to
actually tell me
the exact prompt to use. So, here's the
prompt I'd use. And now it gives me this
really detailed,
in-depth prompt, right? You are
compiling Alex's daily morning brief.
It's currently early morning Eastern
time. Pull fresh information from the
last 24 hours. Do not rely on memory or
stale Use web search and exact real
headlines, prices, and scores. Cover
these four areas. And then it goes in
depth. AI, the three four most important
developments in AI from the last 24
hours. You know, what this fixes usually
when you say things like tell me the
latest AI news, it'll give you headlines
from like two months ago, right? Or
it'll even give you headlines from like
a year ago because of the model's memory
cutoff. But now because of this better
prompting, you'll be sure that it's from
the last 24 hours.
Marketing and investing.
Uh yesterday's close and pre-market
direction for the S&P, Nasdaq, and
notable movers. Flag one to two stock
sectors with unusual news. Include any
major economic events scheduled for
today. Like most people are not going to
remember to talk about the Fed CPI
earnings or big names.
Tech, two to three significant tech
industry stories beyond pure AI.
Right now it's like going to extra
detail. And what happened now, and
here's a big one, formatting. Lead with
a one-line vibe summary. Use bold
letters and type bullets. Like if we
were use the original prompt most people
would use, "Hey, give me a morning brief
with everything about AI." It just would
have been a like a big dump of text. But
now it's nicely formatted, so it's easy
to read. And so if this is the format
I'd go, brain dump to reverse prompt,
you're going to get a lot better
prompts, cron jobs, and output from your
agent.
>> Great tip. Thank you.
>> Now of course.
Um what else we got here? So, that is
the cron jobs. Really, really cool
stuff. Really amazing to use. Uh, you
can see your contacts very easily, your
context window very nicely at the bottom
now. Uh, so you can make sure, oh, you
know, our context window's filling up.
Let's do  new to start a new
session. And that'll clear that so you
can save money there. You can quickly
change your models. This is another
really big strength of Hermes
is they architected their agent away
where you can easily You can switch
models much easier than Open Claw. Open
Claw, like every model's like hardcoded
in to Open Claw. So, you have to like
ask them to switch models. And when new
models come out, you have to wait for
Open Claw to update with that newest
model. Hermes, they updated it they have
the agent working in a dynamic way where
it can just swap in models and thinking
settings really, really easily. And the
moment a new model drops, you can just
swap it in. And so now in here, we're
taking the customization step further,
you know, oh, I'm going to do a simple
task, doesn't require much thinking.
Let's use like Opus 48 with minimal
effort or Haiku with minimal effort.
Things like that. So, another really
nice way to save money with your agent.
Uh, lot of other really cool things
here. There's this agent window. When
you're go and you're you're
multitasking, got a bunch of agents
doing things, you can see all your sub
agents spin up. Usually a question I get
at this point is, sub agents, what
what's the difference between a sub
agent and a profile? So, a real Hermes
agent. So, again, the profiles have
their own skills, personality,
everything. Sub agents are copies of the
main agent. So, when I go to, you know,
Hermes and say, hey,
go do research and then build an app
based on that research, it'll spin up
sub agents. Those sub agents are just
copies of the main agent. So it has the
same skills, the same personality, the
same everything.
But profiles have their own skill sets
and contexts and memories and
everything. And so the way you want to
think about it is, okay, for what you're
doing, does it require a separate set of
skills? If it does, then spin up a new
profile. Is what I'm doing Can I just
use that same set of skills, just do it
multiple times at once? All right, spin
up subagents for that. So agents down
here is where you can see those
subagents work.
>> What's a What's a concrete What's a
concrete example of of that? Like when
when would I be in the case where I'd
want to
use multiple subagents? Like what sort
of task?
>> So say I am wanting to build out a micro
SaaS.
And I want to It has many different
features, maybe five or six different
features. Maybe it connects to the X API
to pull tweets,
uh and then it formats the tweets in a
nice way,
uh and then it allows you to share those
tweets on Twitter, and then send your
own version that tweets to us. So it's
like five or six different features this
micro SaaS.
I would want to use subagents for this.
I would go to my Hermes, I'd say, build
me this micro SaaS. Here's the 10
different features. Spin up subagents to
build out each of those features
simultaneously. And then it'll go and
spin up and they they all have the same
skill set, right, which is just coding.
I just need a coding agent, but I just
need multiple versions of that coding
agent. And so it'll spin up five or six
subagents to build out that micro SaaS
because I just it's doing many things at
once. But maybe I wanted to do something
like
Okay, I'm working on a YouTube video and
I need a script. I need a researcher
that will get the information that will
feed into that script. I need, you know,
a thumbnail. So, I need a graphic
designer or an agent that is connected
to the Grok Imagine API. For that, I
would want multiple profiles, right? I'd
want, you know, for the researcher, I'm
going to use Qwen, which is my local
model. Say, "Hey, research this script."
Then hands it off to uh hand it off to
Hermes, which is my Opus 48 model, and
have them actually write the script
based on your research. And then hand
that off to GPT-Me's, which is my chat
GPT model, and have them use the chat
GPT image generator to build the
thumbnail. That would be a good use case
for multiple profiles.
So, the way to think about it, to kind
of recap,
different skill sets needed, use
different profiles. One skill set, but
just on
multiple strands at once, use
sub-agents.
With that being said,
we talked about sessions, so managing
what you're talking about, managing
context. We talked about artifacts,
organizing
all of your files, images, media, all of
that. We talked about skills, managing
your skills, making sure the right
skills are turned off and on.
Uh we talked about cron jobs, so the
scheduled tasks.
We talked about context, models. Should
we kind of get into the actions, what
you can do with all this, putting it all
together?
>> Yes, please.
>> All right.
Let's do it. I will show you one of my
use cases I do. This is real life. I
have my agents doing this all the time.
And uh let me just pull this open over
here. I'm going to refresh this. So, one
thing as a solopreneur I like to do is I
like to solve challenges, right? You
know, that's
pretty much the best most ethical way to
make money in this world is find other
people's challenges and then solve those
challenges. And so, with my agents
available to me,
you've never had more power or leverage
to find challenges other people have.
And so, I have a cron job
inside my Hermes agent. Let's see if I
can show it to you. Is it in this agent
here?
Daily AI business opportunity scan.
Every 20 minutes, I have my agent going
and using the Qwen 37 model locally. You
don't need a local model for this. You
don't need a DGX bot. I'll give you an
alternative in a second. But because I
have this unlimited free super
intelligence on my desk, I have it do it
every 20 minutes. I have it go
and this is kind of like Idea Brows.
These two would fit very well together.
Idea browser and this agent. You put
them together, you got magic.
But
>> A lot of people, by the way, a lot of
people are using Idea Brows with Hermes,
but that's a whole other separate
uh
episode that I think I I could do if
people are interested.
>> That's an hour episode there. You
connect Hermes to Idea Brows and you
have it going just building out each
idea.
>> Exactly. Yeah.
>> Now, that's sauce.
>> Yeah.
>> But
what I have it doing is I have Qwen
every 20 minutes going and reading
Reddit, reading X, searching for other
people's challenges. And I'm going to
show you what it builds for me here. And
I'm going to show you how I take it a
step further. Now, if you want to
emulate this, you 100% should.
You don't need You don't need to do this
every 20 minutes if you're using like a
cloud. The reason why this works so well
with Qwen locally is it's free. So, I
can have it do it as much as I want. If
you're using like ChatGPT or Opus, you'd
be paying out the wazoo for this because
it costs money every time you do
something. So, maybe you do this just
once a morning to save a little cash.
But, here's the output of that.
This cron job
I get
this custom dashboard it built. Which
does it look like AI slop? Yes, it does,
but I don't care. The the the the
styling of it doesn't matter to me. But,
what I get here is
Henry going in
which is actually Quinn 36 on my DJ X
Spark, does it every 20 minutes
and it finds challenges
from people on Reddit and X
gives me the source thread so I can see
what comments the The founder said the
whole agency was basically four APIs in
a trench coat. And then because my agent
knows so much about me and my skill set,
it tells me why I'm in position to fix
this problem and what should be my first
move to solve that challenge.
And so now I kind of have this automated
business researcher that's going, knows
me to a T, knows all my skills,
everything, and finds me challenges to
solve. Right? It knows about my
community, so it knows about my assets,
what businesses I have, Vibe Coding
Academy.
And taking it even a step further, when
it finds it appropriate, it even adds
this button here. Henry built a pro So,
it automatically built me a prototype
for this business idea.
And so, if I click that
micro SaaS prototype built for that idea
I had.
And so, now I can be like, "Okay, is
this interesting? Let me test this. Oh,
actually, I think there's something
here." And then I can productize it and
make it shippable.
This is kind of how being a solopreneur
builder works. You find challenges
because you're running efficiently and
you're only one person, you don't have
much overhead, you can go over these
tiny you can go over these tiny slim
markets
and make a few bucks off of it and
that's enough to pay the bills, right?
And so this is a really nice way I have
my agent acting as an employee and
finding me opportunities around the
clock.
>> Side note, so this is really cool.
Um
and at the very least get your creative
juices flowing, right? So it might not
even be this idea, but you might be
like, you know, I'd like this I you
know,
but if it was in another market or if it
was an app instead of this, but my
question to you is
in terms of local models, is your
recommendation
that people go out and buy
um like what should they be buying
basically and why should they be buying
it?
>> My recommendation up uh to this or up
until recently was uh the Mac Studio.
The Mac Studio from a speed and
bandwidth perspective isn't as strong
as Nvidia um hardware like the Spark and
other chips,
uh but you got a lot more unified
memory, which allowed you to run much
cooler models and much better models
just a little bit slower.
The challenge is is uh the Mac Studio is
pretty much sold out on uh any basically
every level. You can get it right now,
but it's small amounts of memory. It's
not like the big uh the big boys that
allow you to run really good models. So
now
I think my recommendation for most
people, unless you can find, you know, a
Mac Studio second hand or something like
that, uh the DGX Sparks are really great
plug-and-play device. You you just plug
You don't even need a monitor to set it
up. Like you just plug it into the wall
and it works.
Um
It has 128 GB of unified memory, which
basically means you can run any model
that goes up to 128 gigs. So, Qwen,
I think 27B works really nicely. Any of
the new Nemotron models. So, Nvidia got
into the model game recently. Now,
they're putting out their own
open-source models. They're building it
with the Spark in mind. So, I think if
you want
plug-and-play, something to run
inference for you to so to run your
models, the the DGX Spark is a great
option.
I prefer the Mac Studio because
it's running on the device I have right
here and you can use it. It's like a
really nice user interface, the Mac OS.
So, that's really nice. But,
the Spark is a as a good plug-and-play
option if you don't have access to like
a really good Mac Studio.
>> Cool. And and just quickly, like how
much is the price on on that baby?
>> They just raised it, I think, to $4,800.
Um which seems like a lot and it it and
it is. Everyone's in different financial
situations. It for sure is
uh
my
kind of thesis, which I think is playing
out in front of us right now, is we are
going to have hardware bottlenecks for a
very long time now because the AI
build-out's happening. And so, memory is
sky- I just bought a memory card for my
Nintendo Switch, too. Cost me like $100.
It's like the [clears throat] craziest
thing ever. Like, the the cost of memory
is skyrocketing, all hardware, uh
everything like that. And so, hardware's
getting more expensive. I think, you
know, getting into local models and your
own hardware is a very good idea, in my
opinion. Playing around with LLMs
locally is a very good idea, in my
opinion. Not only for
functionality-wise, like what I just
showed you here, but also for um
education-and-learning-wise.
So, you know, I think if you can find
the room to afford a DGX Spark, I think
it's a really good investment.
>> My take is
play with Hermes, download the app, show
that you can
that you can make this as a part of your
daily solopreneur or, you know, just
lifestyle. And once you've gotten your
hands a little dirty,
then you've proven to yourself that if
you have the $5,000 that you, you know,
you deserve it. Like, don't be one of
those people that goes and buys the
latest and then it sits on a shelf.
That's my take.
>> You deserve it. That's the takeaway. You
deserve it. You owe it to yourself. Get
yourself a Spark, man.
>> You you owe yourself a Spark if you
actually
go and and and use this thing, right?
Like, and and and and understand how to
use it and and play with it and actually
show like
show that you can create value for
yourself cuz then at that point you're
going to be like, "$5,000? Well, if I'm
going to make
10x that, then it's a no-brainer,
right?"
>> Yeah, I think the uh
You're It's always like the number one
question get, "Oh, how much does that
cost? What's that? How much is that?" I
think people have this weird framing
around uh
cost when it comes to AI. Like, they see
the cost of Claude and they see it's,
"Oh, $200 a month. That's really
expensive." It's very They're comparing
it to like the cost of like Netflix and
like Xbox Live and Amazon Prime. Right,
those things they just suck your money
and life forces away. They're not adding
to your life.
$200 for Claude, $5,000 for DGX Spark.
These are investments in yourself to
create more value in the world. And you
should, if used the right way, see an
ROI. So, I would just encourage you to
think through different lenses when it
comes to costs for these different
things.
>> Alex Finn, before we go,
is there one question I should have
asked you about Hermes desktop app,
Hermes agents in general that I haven't
um that you think that the audience
would benefit from me asking or did you
cover it all?
>> I covered it all. I think if you were to
ask me a question I'd get more specific
on or spend more time on is how the hell
do you make money with Hermes? And the
answer would be around a lot of what I
showed you to the end there, finding
challenges, finding uh opportunities to
solve. And I think if you're watching
this at home, you know, instead of using
these agents to kind of play around
uh and experiment with I I I I think you
should be using them to solve other
people's challenges cuz that's how
you're going to be able to create the
most value for yourself and the entire
world.
>> Alex Finn, ladies and gentlemen. Thank
you so much for hopping on uh on short
notice, sharing the sauce with us as
always. I'll include links for where to
find Alex in the show notes in the
description.
His Axe, his YouTube, and everything
else in between. Thank you so much. You
always hype me up and I love that about
you.
Um
and uh
>> Got to be fun. You got to have fun doing
this.
>> 100%. It is fun, right? Like
how lucky are we that we can play with
these tools, that they're coming out so
often.
Um
I like that you're not afraid to
share your opinion in real time as new
information comes in.
Um and so I like that about you and you
know, for for my perspective it's like I
like playing with everything and then
and seeing what what what's best for me.
So, thanks again.
>> Of course. It's a pleasure as always.
See you soon, man.
>> See you.